docs/agent_setup.md, before:

# Agent Setup

We have an Ansible role to install the DCI Agent here: [dci-agent-setup](/dci-agent-setup).

At the moment the [DCI agent](https://github.com/redhat-cip/python-dciclient) is only officially supported and tested on CentOS 7 and RHEL 7 servers, which we provide packages for. If vendors prefer to use an Ubuntu host, the `setup_dci_agent` role can also be used to install the DCI agent on Ubuntu.

## dci-agent-setup Role
Before running the role to install the DCI agent, you need to set the following variables, which can be specified in the [default variables for the dci_commoon role](/dci-agent-setup/roles/setup_dci_agent/defaults/main.yaml), using the `ansible-playbook -e dci_user=username...` flag or using the `set_fact` module.

- `dci_user`: username for the dci server
- `dci_control_url`: DCI server (defaults to: https://api.distributed-ci.io)
- `dci_api_key`: password for the DCI user

We recommend storing these as a separate file and encrypting them with Ansible Vault.

Run the role against your server. It will perform the following actions:
- Enable the EPEL repository
- Install the DCI agent and DCI ansible libraries
- Install junit_xml and xunitmerge python packages
- Store credentials for the DCI server as environment variables
- Configures Ansible to use the DCI plugins and modules

After the role finishes, log in to the server and try the following command: `dcictl topic-list`. If your credentials are set up correctly this should return a list of Ansible versions which you can test against. If this command fails, try logging out and back in again. If that fails, check that the following environment variables are set:

- DCI_LOGIN
- DCI_PASSWORD
- DCI_CS_URL

Commit message:

converted agent setup role to use API key rather than user/pass authentication

docs/agent_setup.md, after:

# Agent Setup

We have an Ansible role to install the DCI Agent here: [dci-agent-setup](/dci-agent-setup).

At the moment the [DCI agent](https://github.com/redhat-cip/python-dciclient) is only officially supported and tested on CentOS 7 and RHEL 7 servers, which we provide packages for. If vendors prefer to use an Ubuntu host, the `setup_dci_agent` role can also be used to install the DCI agent on Ubuntu.

## Role Setup
Before running the role to install the DCI agent, configure the RemoteCIs that you wish to install credentials for in [setup_dci_agent/defaults/main.yaml](/dci-agent-setup/roles/setup_dci_agent/defaults/main.yaml). Each platform (RemoteCI) that you are testing requires a separate API key, and are configured using a list of dictionaries like so:

```
remotcis:
  - name: platform1
    remoteci_id: REMOTE_CI_ID
    dci_control_url: https://api.distributed-ci.io
    remoteci_api_key: REMOTE_CI_API_KEY

  - name: platform2
    remoteci_id: REMOTE_CI_ID_2
    dci_control_url: https://api.distributed-ci.io
    remoteci_api_key: REMOTE_CI_API_KEY_2
```

Each entry in this list will be saved as a shell script in `/etc/dci` which can be activated using `source /etc/platform1.sh` in order to set up the environment variables required to connect to the DCI control server. The scripts in this directory will be readable by any operating system use that belongs to the group specified in `dci_group_name` variable.

We recommend encrypting [setup_dci_agent/defaults/main.yaml](/dci-agent-setup/roles/setup_dci_agent/defaults/main.yaml) using Ansible Vault to protect DCI credentials.


## Running the setup_dci_agent role

Running the `setup_dci_agent` role on your server will perform the following actions:
- Enable the EPEL repository (on CentOS/RHEl)
- Install the DCI agent and DCI ansible libraries
- Install junit_xml and xunitmerge python packages
- Store credentials for the RemoteCIs in `/etc/dci`
- Configures Ansible to use the DCI plugins and modules

After the role finishes, log in to the server and try the following command: `source /etc/platform1.sh && dcictl topic-list`. If your credentials are set up correctly this should return a list of Ansible versions which you can test against.
